---
slug: data-privacy-and-cookies-app
heading: Privacy
subheading: Data privacy & cookies
app: true
---

import BackButton from '../../components/back-button/back-button'

<BackButton link='/legals-app'/>

## What terms and conditions apply?

The Beanstalk website (www.mybeanstalk.co.uk) and Beanstalk app are provided by KidStart Limited. By using this website you agree to our privacy policy. We have tried to keep the terms clear and in plain English as far as possible.
Beanstalk take your Privacy and Security extremely seriously. If you have any questions regarding Privacy and Security matters please contact us at:
beanstalk@kidstart.co.uk

## Privacy policy

When you register with Beanstalk, you provide us with personal information which we store on our systems. We use and process this personal information, for the purpose of providing and improving the Beanstalk services. By using the Beanstalk website and registering with Beanstalk, you consent to our processing your personal information in accordance with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation. You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at beanstalk@kidstart.co.uk.

Beanstalk's Data Protection Officer, who holds ultimate responsibility for the security and privacy of your data, is the Managing Director of KidStart Limited.

### We may use the information you provide for the following purposes:

* To inform you when the Beanstalk app has launched
* To notify you about any changes to our website and services, such as updates to terms and conditions, improvements or service changes.
* To provide you with information related to our services and to provide information on our partners and their products which might be of interest to you, where you have consented to receive such information.

### Beanstalk does not share, sell or otherwise transfer out of its control your personal data, except in the following situations:
* When you have given us specific consent to share your data with a third party.
Beanstalk collects information about how you use our site including information on your preferences and pages visited. Beanstalk uses this information to evaluate site content, navigability etc. We do not apply any kind of profiling or automated decision-making to your personal information.

You retain all rights over your personal information, and in accordance with law may at any time ask Beanstalk to correct any errors, to provide you with a copy of the personal information we hold about you, or to remove your personal information from our systems. 

We will need to retain your email address in order to maintain an unsubscribe list so that – if that is your choice – you receive no further communications from us.

We are registered with the Information Commissioner for the handling and processing of personal information and will comply at all times with applicable data protection legislation. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that the database containing this information is updated, is securely protected against unauthorised entry, and that personal information is kept strictly confidential.

If you have any complaint about our handling of your personal information, you should contact the Information Commissioner’s Office as detailed <a href="https://ico.org.uk/concerns/">here</a>

## Use of Cookies

A cookie is a small file that a website transfers to the cookies folder for the browser on your computer. The browser saves the information and sends it back to the website whenever the browser returns to the website.

Beanstalk relies on the use of cookies to track your use of the Beanstalk website. The cookies are essential for you to navigate our site correctly. These cookies do not compromise your Personal Data. We do not track online activity that is unrelated to Beanstalk. You can disable cookies through your browser settings.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics also uses cookies so that Beanstalk can analyse how users use the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for Beanstalk and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.

Sometimes certain third parties may set a cookie using a script linked to from our website - for example: Facebook, Your Tube or Google DoubleClick – to enable measurement of advertising activity.

In each of the above cases, no personal information about you is stored with either us or the third party website.

You may refuse the use of all cookies by changing the appropriate settings on your browser. Depending on your browser’s capabilities, you may be able to configure it to accept cookies only from sites you choose.

By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

KidStart Limited is listed on the Information Commissioner's Register in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. Our DPA registration number is Z1168761. Under the act you have the right to access the personal information KidStart may hold about you which you can do so by submitting a request in writing to our registered address: KidStart Limited, 10 Plato Place, 72-74 St Dionis Road, London SW6 4TU.

## Terms of access

Please read these terms carefully before using the Beanstalk website ("Website") or mobile app ("App").

You may retrieve and display URL links and pages from Beanstalk on a computer or mobile screen and may print individual pages and store pages for your personal, non-commercial use. Any other use of Beanstalk materials such as copying URL links or content onto another website for anything other than your personal non-commercial use is prohibited without our prior written permission. The intellectual property in all design, graphics, text and other material and its arrangement in Beanstalk is owned by us and our respective licensors.

The Beanstalk website may provide links to other websites beyond our control. The links to other websites are there for your convenience and we are not responsible for and do not give any warranties or make any representations regarding such websites. We are not responsible for or liable in relation to the content or security of these sites (other than to the extent required by law).
Beanstalk makes reasonable endeavours to ensure reliability of the information presented on the site, but makes no warranties or representations whatsoever as to its accuracy or reliability. Similarly, due to the nature of the internet, we do not guarantee that the Beanstalk app or website will be available on an uninterrupted and error free basis.
